README.md, before:

David Liang
======
Fall Semester
======


Period 6


Main Projects
------


Query Project
------
David Liang, Barak Zhou, Nadia Saleh
Description
------
This point of this project is to create a page with a search bar you could input a question, or a query.  Upon clicking search you are taken to a page displaying the answer, chosen from the name with the greatest frequency amongst the pages found from google. There is a button on the navigation bar up top to take you back home.
https://github.com/nadia26/queryproject
------

Blogging Engine (SQL)
------
David Liang, Tyler Wang, Max Zhou, Nadia Saleh
Description
------
The intention of this project is to create a blog where anybody can post. A post consists of a title and some text. The form for creating posts is below a list of the links to posts, shown by their titles and a snippet of their text. Clicking on a link takes you to the full post, where anyone can comment. The form for commenting is under the comments. There is a navigation bar to take you back home, or to go to google or github.
https://github.com/Citronnade/python-attack-of-the-pythons
------


Mini Projects
------

1. login
   --* David Liang
   * 7/mongoproj/Dennis-David
2. regexp
   --* David Liang, David Dvorkin
   * 7/regexp/David-David
3. intro-proj
   --* David Liang 
   * 7/intro-proj1/David

Commit message:

Added info on API project

README.md, after:

David Liang
======
Fall Semester
======


Period 6


Main Projects
------


Query Project
------
David Liang, Barak Zhou, Nadia Saleh
Description
------
This point of this project is to create a page with a search bar you could input a question, or a query.  Upon clicking search you are taken to a page displaying the answer, chosen from the name with the greatest frequency amongst the pages found from google. There is a button on the navigation bar up top to take you back home.
https://github.com/nadia26/queryproject
------

Blogging Engine (SQL)
------
David Liang, Tyler Wang, Max Zhou, Nadia Saleh
Description
------
The intention of this project is to create a blog where anybody can post. A post consists of a title and some text. The form for creating posts is below a list of the links to posts, shown by their titles and a snippet of their text. Clicking on a link takes you to the full post, where anyone can comment. The form for commenting is under the comments. There is a navigation bar to take you back home, or to go to google or github.
https://github.com/Citronnade/python-attack-of-the-pythons
------

API Project
------
David Liang, Coby Goldberg
Description
------
Uses the Ebay and Google News API to let users look up items from a certain year, price range, and by name. They can also check on news regarding their currency. 
https://github.com/CobyGoldbergs/ForeignPurchaser
------


Mini Projects
------

1. login
   --* David Liang
   * 7/mongoproj/Dennis-David
2. regexp
   --* David Liang, David Dvorkin
   * 7/regexp/David-David
3. intro-proj
   --* David Liang 
   * 7/intro-proj1/David
